yeah it's gonna be awesome my dad's had
some pretty epic life experiences he
accidentally found himself in the middle
of an arms deal in Vietnam survived
malaria have to cash again in the
Chinese jungle and illegally crossed in
Myanmar border while hanging under a
truck
it was illegal for tourists to enter in
the 80s but that's just the tip of the
iceberg and there's two things he's
never done before but always talked
about doing and today we're doing them
he still is surfing good morning all
ready to go [ __ ] you guys good excited
Oh
going surfing catching such big waves
it's so funny how easy it is to trick
you now we're ready leaving Venice for
Sunday let's go surfing
[Music]
you go from here and then it's way I'm
gonna get suspicious guys
we had a so basically they like a surf
shop up here behind these houses there's
an amazing surfing spot
so surfing is great but that's not why
we're here
are you kidding you see the sign oh wow
we're about to go skydiving we contacted
this guy who runs a skydive San Diego
and he knows he's heard of yes theories
he's seen our videos
they said you and your dad can come in
and do this jump for free this is
obvious the dream this is oh my god I'm
sure Murray jumping out of a plane today
I didn't tell her though I told my
sister she was like don't do it he's
gonna die
great I'm on the phone yeah man how are
you oh man he thinks this is cool which
it is but only if he knew what we're
gonna be doing after this
he has no idea 54 years before doing
this guy that me well maybe I should
wait another 50 for you
service
right there and a bit
[Music]
sure you wanna do
smiling nothing back
[Music]
[Applause]
hi guys thank you so much this is just
incredible I was like shaking on over
not by fear at the end to see emotions
you get my legs are efficient and
everything is phenomenal it's the beauty
of the scenery the freefall is just
mind-boggling
when you get into it yeah oh my god this
is phenomenal so to finish the day my
dad thinks we're going to get drinks
sounds like a good idea
but what we think sounds like a better
idea is getting matching tattoos
[Music]
this band burn awesome day
what you guys do you know
come first off one way it's what I felt
today
somewhere along the line at work that
did you have to trust other people to
recognize people to have much better
skills than you have indifference at
playing this guy he's an instructor so
of course he knows what he does exactly
he's done it over southern time and
nothing bad has ever happened the thrill
of the jump is just phenomenal yeah
remember the last time
you said you would get matching tattoos
[Music]
embracing there's an artist that's ready
for us if we want to do
oh yeah we're ready touch me oh I love
it I love wherever printed
[Music]
nice to meet you Frederick
the first a really fun thing to do with
myself this is really really special and
we talked about it last time like I
guess it processed in my mind I think
you were sir I'm sorry
yeah you've started shooting do you want
explain why you picked these words first
I think it's represent both of us
empathy
to try to understand other people that
do it before judging understand people
don't judge if severe is navigable
[Music]
look at that guy
you're good yeah yeah I would love to be
like the other 54
[Music]
[Applause]
we're done check it out
whoa looks sick oh my god it's beautiful
yes
[Music]
so this is my son yeah oh my god damn
looks awesome yeah thank you alright
let's let's keep both next to each other
all right yeah so yeah turn it a little
bit
other than said aha that's amazing
well done guys well that was a day of
yes with my dad and these guys are
totally nuts
it's been a phenomenal day and it's been
yesterday I wanna hug you but I can't
see you next week
with my aunt we're running out of ideas
guys first of all subscribe and one
capable if you get 10 of your friends to
subscribe oh yes one of you make your
bread thank you mr. Bragg is your
payment